Add $key to callback (#647)
yiisoft/validator: CHANGELOG.md

# Yii Validator Change Log

## 2.0.0 under development

> - New #615: Add the `Each::PARAMETER_EACH_KEY` parameter to the `Callback` rule containing the key of the current 
>   element if it is nested in `Each` (@dood-)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New #615: Add the `Each::PARAMETER_EACH_KEY` validation context parameter that available during `Each` rule handling 
  and containing the current key (@dood-)
```
